lib: nrf_modem: keep CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_ENABLED as deprecated (#8414)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

      * The trace module has been updated to use the new APIs in Modem library.
        The modem trace output is now handled by a dedicated thread that starts automatically.
        The trace thread is synchronized with the initialization and shutdown operations of the Modem library.

>       * The Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE` replaces the Kconfig option ``CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_ENABLED``, which is now deprecated and will be removed in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * The Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE` is replaced with the Kconfig option ``CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_ENABLED``, which is now deprecated and will be removed in the future.
```
